I'll now explain the answers to this exercise questions.
This question asked about the company's hardware and software inventories.
Having good software and hardware inventory is
the starting point for any security program.
If you remember, it's the starting point for
both the Center for Internet Security and for NIST.
So for Jilin Roy's scenario,
you'd advise them to write down their software and hardware inventories.
For example, all major hardware devices and computers such as their network equipment,
like the Linksys routers,
the types of computers like the Windows Server they have in place,
and then any devices like printers.
They should also have an inventory of their software in use
by the company to include any cloud services.
If you remember, they use QuickBooks for
accounting and Windows for their general applications.
All of those should be documented as well.
Both the hardware and software inventory should be reviewed at least
monthly and update it as needed or whenever it changes.
For the second question referred to the CIS 20 controls,
the top 10 controls should be done first.
So for your answer to this exercise,
you would choose secure configuration.
Basically, this is how you harden systems, applications, and devices.
We'll talk more about this in a subsequent lesson.
Includes vulnerability management, understanding where
the weaknesses and flaws and vulnerabilities may lie within their systems.
Malware defenses, that's antivirus and endpoint protection.
Then email and browser protections are to
protect email as they're coming in against phishing or spam.
Then the browser is how people use the Internet within the company.
The last two choices that were part of this exercise should
be considered later in an information security program.
While all security is important,
some of the items can wait.
The CIS controls help businesses of all sizes mature their security programs by
taking them through a step-by-step process for securing their infrastructure.